generate six months worth of content in
three days that's what i'm going to
teach you right now i'm probably one of
the oldest content marketing players
when it comes to blogging out of all the
companies i've built and i've grown them
to being worth millions of dollars some
of the companies i've been generating
nine figures in revenue a year from it's
all happened through content marketing
getting traffic and i mean tons of
organic traffic but i'm not here to talk
about traffic because that's in the past
and you know what you need to build that
up and i want to show you how to do that
by getting all these ideas and i'm here
to talk about how you can do that today
and apply it to your own website look my
website gets over 2 million visitors
from google each month last month 2.79
clicks that's a lot and i have over 8
000 pages under neilpatel.com and my
english content is translated into
portuguese german spanish my tools are
translated into
mandarin uh
japanese and a lot of other languages
out there that i don't even remember all
the language which brings me people from
over 225 different countries at any
given month in the last seven days as i
record this video i have had 11 new blog
posts whether it's new content or
content that i'm translating into other
languages and i'll be honest with you
generating content ideas is easy for me
heck i can even layout a content plan
that covers my next four years because
there are so many areas that i want to
cover on my blog now keep in mind over
the next four years some things can
change and that's why i don't do that
but there's nothing wrong with
generating six months worth of content
in advance so let's dive into the hacks
that i use to generate all my content
ideas hack number one capitalize on your
website's strength if you haven't been
using this hack you're gonna need to
start using it right away very few
websites don't rank for any keywords in
other words a website ranks for
something even when you're starting a
new website it could be live for a few
months you usually see that you're going
to start getting google traffic for
these long tail crazy keywords that you
would have never thought that anyone
would type in but really it adds up okay
you may be breaking on page 7 or page 8
or paycheck but that's something and
that's a strong signal that google is
starting to see your website as valuable
for certain search phrases so what i
want you to do is if you already have it
installed google search console do that
today the moment you saw google search
console you can start seeing data on
keywords from which keywords are already
getting you impressions maybe not clicks
but impressions those are keywords that
you should start targeting and creating
content topics around that'll give you
both loads of ideas literally dozens if
not hundreds write more content around
those topics and keywords and it'll help
you gain more authority
for those keywords and that topic over
time so that'll create increase your
rankings for everything over time as
long as you stick to that marketing
segment right so for example if you're
marketing dog shoes and your credit
content around dog shoes and more about
dog stuff you'll do well over time in
that segment but if you switch from dog
shoes to cashews to fish shoes and fish
you don't really need shoes and then
human shoes it's not gonna do as well so
you need to stick within that industry
or segment
two go to the performance and search
results within google search consoles
under queries you'll start seeing all
the keywords that are generating your
impressions i want you to save these
keywords in a list and start using them
to find new ideas your goal is to focus
on keywords that are ranking higher
first and then work through the keywords
that aren't ranking as high later on i
will go over how you can expand on those
keywords and generate hundreds and
thousands even more keywords in just a
moment for now i want you to keep them
saved in a spreadsheet so you can use
them later on hack number two multiply
your keywords using uber says so let's
say you looked at google search console
and you identified keywords that are on
page two or page three or even page five
i want you to take those keywords put
them in uber's suggest it'll find you
all the related keywords in many cases
it won't just give you hundreds of
examples or even thousands uber says
will give you up to million keywords per
topic that you're looking up next i'll
click on the seo difficulties guilty
column and sort these
keyword ideas from lowest to highest seo
difficulty this is all the keywords that
are easy to rank broken down into the
hardest ones to rank you want to target
the ones that are the easiest to rate
this will show me the keywords related
to branding that are at the least
competitive to rank the best thing is i
can already see lots of keywords with
decent search volume with very low
search difficulty i'll then select the
keywords related to my business
in which we offer you know in terms of
expertise because not all keywords are
and then i will then bring those over
and start creating content around them
some of them all sent to my team to
integrate those keywords into existing
posts some of them all create content
for new posts that's how i come up with
all my ideas it's a combination of
google search console and uber says and
when you combine both of them you'll get
tons of keywords that'll help you
generate more traffic
hack number three i want you to also
find questions that people are asking
for see you're still on uber suggests in
the keyword ideas report there's a
questions tab it'll tell you all the
questions that people are asking and
they're searching for on google that's
more seed keywords and it's more topics
that you can create content around and
you'll want to do this for the low
volume search terms that you know would
convert really well to customers as well
as the high volume search terms if you
also want to go a step further check out
the prepositions tab and comparison tab
if someone's comparing
mailchimp or convertkit you know when
they're looking at com comparison
articles like that the chance of them
converting are going to be really high
it's like they could be looking at hmm
do i go with iprospect or wpp or hey np
digital so i can do a comparison article
for my competitors and be like don't
hire either of them hire us and here's
why hack number four group keywords into
themes now that you're writing content
you don't want to create all this
content you know just for each
individual keyword some content pieces
can cover literally not just five or ten
of these keywords but hundreds so group
them into topic clusters and start
creating content around them hack number
five find title ideas now what i want
you to do is go to phrase.ios tools
they'll help you generate blog titles
you'll find a blog title generator and
all you have to do is put in keywords
and their artificial intelligence will
help you generate some of those ideas
and titles and that'll be great for you
because then you can find ideas or
titles that will generate more clicks
and pop them into a spreadsheet and then
what i want you to do is think about the
meta description that you can use that
also has some of those keywords in there
so you can get more of those clicks from
google if you follow that you'll have
six months worth of content in just a
matter of days and start with the lowest
hanging fruit first i want you to create
content around the keywords that have a
lot of traffic
have a high cpc uber says will show you
that it's a cost per click which means
that those keywords convert into
customers more and aren't competitive
start with those first and then work
your way down to the hardest ones